readme.md, before:

# Bracket

Bracket is an all-purpose tournament organization platform. It allows gaming/tournament communities to come together with their own custom platform for communication, organization, ladders and much more. The platform is built with the Laravel framework so it's easy to extend, customize and make your own!

## FAQ

#### Why use Bootstrap 4?

For most of the site I've decided to use Bootstrap 4 to help find bugs, fix them and get some experience using it. There aren't a ton of bugs at the moment, but I'm sure there will be. You can easily customize all the templates/styles to remove BS4 and replace with something like BS3 or Foundation.

#### How do I contribute?

I'll be setting up some standards for this soon! Just find me on twitter if you want to help or submit a PR. It's open source, after all.

#### Where do I find Documentation?

This is coming really soon!

## Roadmap (Planned things)

Currently I only have a Quip document, but I will be moving all of this to a public trello board very very soon!

Commit message:

Added some more info. Removed the old routes file.

readme.md, after:

# Bracket
Bracket is an all-purpose tournament organization platform. It allows gaming/tournament communities to come together with their own custom platform for communication, organization, ladders and much more. The platform is built with the Laravel framework so it's easy to extend, customize and make your own!

## Development
Currently, this project is in development. If you'd like to use it for a tournament website, such as http://prorl.com then use it at your own risk - it's not feature-complete and things may break. (Oh, and yeah, there are no roles yet, so anybody can access the admin...)

Here's a quick guide to get you started and playing around with Bracket:

- I am currently using Laravel's Homestead which works on Windows, Linux and macOS.
- This project is built using Laravel, so do consult with the Laravel Documentation for any questions you may have about the structure and inner workings of the application.
- More coming soon.. 

## FAQ
#### Why use Bootstrap 4?
For most of the site I've decided to use Bootstrap 4 to help find bugs, fix them and get some experience using it. There aren't a ton of bugs at the moment, but I'm sure there will be. You can easily customize all the templates/styles to remove BS4 and replace with something like BS3 or Foundation.
#### How do I contribute?
I'll be setting up some standards for this soon! Just find me on twitter if you want to help or submit a PR. It's open source, after all.
#### Where do I find Documentation?
This is coming really soon!

## Roadmap (Planned things)
Currently I only have a Quip document, but I will be moving all of this to a public trello board very very soon!
